lola is a waitress on a giant cruise
liner
one night after the restaurant closed
she found an
expensive watch on the floor she
announced it on the cruiser's radio
and three people showed up to claim it
roger showed lola the tan line on his
wrist
and asked her to give him the watch back
mary said she remembered dropping the
watch near the entrance of the
restaurant and wants it back
susie kept asking if the watch was okay
and if it was working
lola decided that the watch belonged to
susie
why you've got 10 seconds
roger's tan line on his wrist is too
small compared to the watch lola found
and if mary remembered where she dropped
the watch why didn't she pick it up
susie knows how expensive her watch is
and she was worried it broke
jenna and michael were out partying on
halloween night
michael told jenna she wouldn't dare to
go to a 120 year old abandoned castle on
the other side of town
rumor had it that a mad scientist used
to live there
without a second thought jenna started
walking
she reached the house at 3 am and the
door was open
when she walked in the crazy scientist
showed up and told her
i've got a riddle for you if you answer
it correctly
you're free to go if not i get to do my
scientific experiments on you
a sphere has three a circle has two
and a point has zero what is it
you've got nine seconds to find out
dimensions
michael left his work and walked into
the dark parking lot in the basement to
get his car
when he approached his vehicle he saw a
four pin
lock on his door he kept looking at it
when his boss showed up
he told michael i want to see if you're
smart enough to get a promotion
you only get one try if you figure the
code
tomorrow you'll move to the executive's
office
his boss gave michael a piece of paper
that read
which was the latest passing year that
was the same upside
down michael started thinking of all the
years that passed
and the next day he got the promotion
you
have eight seconds think fast
it's 1961.
susie arrived at the dance studio for
her rehearsal
when she found her instructor
unconscious on the floor
next to him there was a broken vase
someone must have hit him on the head
susie called detective allen at the
scene and he was suspecting three people
who entered the studio that day
william another instructor said he had
an emergency private class with a
celebrity
and left before anyone showed up at the
studio
mason a professional dancer said he took
the week off
and dropped by today to give the keys
back to the dance instructor
because he forgot them in his bag when
he left the day before
sally a dancer said she had class today
but when she showed up she didn't see
anyone through the window
and assumed the studio was closed
detective allen knew
exactly who was lying you've got seven
seconds
[Music]
it was sally her fingers are covered in
bandages and
cuts they must have happened when she
broke the vase
lucy was walking back home from the
restaurant
she was talking on the phone to her
sister and took a shortcut through a
creepy park
suddenly someone came behind her and
snatched her handbag from her shoulder
she tried to chase them but it was too
dark
she only saw a figure going into the
cinema
lucy followed them there and when she
went in she only saw
three girls standing there and
questioned them the first girl said she
just got there
and she's waiting for her friend to
arrive she said she's holding a big bag
to sneak some food into the theater
the second girl said she missed the
movie because she has a broken leg
and it took her a while to get all the
way to the cinema
so she's waiting for the next viewing
the third girl said
she came back from her friend's house
and wanted to see what movies are
playing
lucy took a good look at them and knew
exactly who was lying
you've got six seconds
[Music]
it was the girl with a broken leg her
left leg is broken
and instead of holding the crutch on the
left to support her weight
she has it on the right side
alex was at the park snapping photos of
trees and flowers for a photography
competition
when he finished he placed his camera on
the bench
and tried to disassemble his equipment
to head back to his car
suddenly he heard someone running and
his camera was gone
he saw the person going inside a blue
car
alex got the rest of his stuff and
followed the robber
he then saw the car parked outside a
restaurant
he walked in and saw three people
sitting down
can you guess which of them is the
robber you have five seconds
[Music]
it's the one on the right looking at the
menu the others are eating
they've been there for a while sarah and
michelle went to explore an abandoned
castle
when they walked in the door shut behind
them and the lights went on
in front of them three doors appeared
they must pick the right one to make it
out alive
behind the first door there's a hungry
crocodile that hasn't eaten in two and a
half years
behind the second door there's lava from
a volcano that erupted two weeks ago
and behind the third door there's a
massive sea water pool with a whale
shark you must swim through
you have four seconds to decide
crocodiles can go without food for three
years and lava can remain hot
when it's well insulated for months the
best option is the whale shark
even though it's a shark we humans are
indifferent to them
torii was the lead actress in a movie
they were filming on a deserted island
to make sure nobody was around to
interrupt the scenes
the day before the shooting tori was
found unconscious in a room
and the crew member called detective
martin on the case
he interviewed four suspects the
producer said
he'd be scouting the island to find a
new location with a lake
and he didn't talk to anyone all day the
writer said he'd been making some
adjustments to the scripts in his
trailer
the camera operator said he was testing
his filming equipment
when a stranger approached him for
directions he ran
off to help them the director was
sitting on the beach
writing down notes about small details
he wanted to add to the movie
detective martin figured it out in three
seconds
can you
it was the camera operator hey this was
a deserted island
nobody was there needing help anna is a
vegetarian restaurant owner
the day she opened the new restaurant
she invited her family to celebrate
her sister came first but found anna
unconscious on her office floor
she immediately called the police and
they questioned everyone that entered
anna's restaurant that day
the electrician said he came in for some
final checks
to make sure everything works the
cleaner said he came in for his shift
but anna was okay before he left the
chef said he had been sharpening his
knives for the meat carvery station
the police arrested the chef why
here are your three seconds
this was a vegetarian restaurant there's
no meat carvery station
jenny a famous singer went abroad for
her first concert
she checked into a hotel and went to
perform for her next show
when she returned to her room she
realized all her jewelry was gone
and she called the police detectives
checked the cameras
and saw that nobody left the hotel that
night
the person who took them was still
inside there were only three people at
the hotel
michael said he couldn't sleep and spent
the entire night in the lounge reading
jason the manager said he spent the
night in the back office
watching tv because it was quiet
margaret said she went to the hotel's
pool to swim alone
the police knew who was lying you've got
two seconds
it's margaret hotel pools are closed a
night for maintenance
jason and his wife are millionaires they
have three sons
and two daughters all kids were going on
a camping trip together
and the couple will have the weekend for
themselves to relax
when they woke up the next day all their
money was taken from their safe
and they called the police when the
officers showed up
they interviewed the three people who
were in the house that morning
the butler said he was cleaning the car
after driving the kids to the camping
site
the chef said he was busy preparing a
huge breakfast for the family
the cleaner said he finished cleaning
quickly that day
and left early the police figured out
who was lying in
one second can you
it was the chef since the kids were gone
he couldn't have been cooking breakfast
for the family